README.md, before:

## Ultimate App

Boilerplate for a monorepo with Husky, Commitlint, Jest, Supertest, React Testing Library, ESLint, Prettier, Turborepo, TypeScript, Expo, NestJS and Next.js.

## Installation

Use a package manager of your choice in order to install all dependencies.

```bash
# With NPM
npm install

# With Yarn
yarn install

# With PNPM
pnpm install
```

## Usage

Just run `dev` script.

```bash
# With NPM
npm run dev

# With Yarn
yarn dev

# With PNPM
pnpm dev
```

## Building

To generate the project, just run:

```bash
# With NPM
npm build

# With Yarn
yarn build

# With PNPM
pnpm build
```

## 🤔 How to contribute

Pull requests are always welcome 😃.

1. Fork this repository.
2. Create a branch: `git checkout -b <branch_name>`.
3. Make your changes and commit them: `git commit -m '<commit_message>'`
4. Push to original branch: `git push origin <project_name> / <local>`
5. Create the pull request.

Or, see the GitHub documentation on [how to create a pull request](https://help.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request).

## 📝 License

This project is under the MIT license. See the [LICENSE](https://github.com/fellipeutaka/ultimate-app/blob/main/LICENSE.md) for details.

Made with ♥ by Fellipe Utaka 👋 [Get in touch!](https://www.linkedin.com/in/fellipeutaka/)

Commit message:

Add workflow to sync from upstream (#42)
* Add workflow to sync from upstream

README.md, after:

## Ultimate App

Boilerplate for a monorepo with Husky, Commitlint, Jest, Supertest, React Testing Library, ESLint, Prettier, Turborepo, TypeScript, Expo, NestJS and Next.js.

## Installation

Use a package manager of your choice in order to install all dependencies.

```bash
# With NPM
npm install

# With Yarn
yarn install

# With PNPM
pnpm install
```

## Usage

Just run `dev` script.

```bash
# With NPM
npm run dev

# With Yarn
yarn dev

# With PNPM
pnpm dev
```

## Receiving updates from upstream

Enable a trigger in `sync-from-upstream.yml`, e.g. `push`

## Receiving updates

To generate the project, just run:

```bash
# With NPM
npm build

# With Yarn
yarn build

# With PNPM
pnpm build
```

## 🤔 How to contribute

Pull requests are always welcome 😃.

1. Fork this repository.
2. Create a branch: `git checkout -b <branch_name>`.
3. Make your changes and commit them: `git commit -m '<commit_message>'`
4. Push to original branch: `git push origin <project_name> / <local>`
5. Create the pull request.

Or, see the GitHub documentation on [how to create a pull request](https://help.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request).

## 📝 License

This project is under the MIT license. See the [LICENSE](https://github.com/fellipeutaka/ultimate-app/blob/main/LICENSE.md) for details.

Made with ♥ by Fellipe Utaka 👋 [Get in touch!](https://www.linkedin.com/in/fellipeutaka/)
